i'm going to show you how to
make cordage really simple
cordage is definitely one of the
skills that leads a person
further into creating other
primitive artifacts what I have
here is tulip poplar inner bark
and that's a tree that grows
from all over the Blue Ridge
looks pretty good
I've got enough fiber here
I can really quickly go and grab
the fibers pull those out and
get them all individually pulled
apart
portage is basically a natural
fiber that has been wrapped onto
itself in two contrasting twist
that lock together one set of
fiber is going one direction the
other set of fiber is going the
other direction so this is this
cordage 101